doc: release-notes-latest: Summarize mcuboot changes from the upmerge (#3465)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

sdk-mcuboot
-----------

The MCUboot fork in |NCS| contains all commits from the upstream MCUboot repository up to and including ``5a6e18148d``, plus some |NCS| specific additions.

> The list of the most important recent changes can be found in :ref:`ncs_release_notes_140`.

Author: @ru-fu Should I restore this line?

Reviewer: No - we're listing changes since the last release, so we don't need that line in here anymore.

See the :ref:`Zephyr 2.4.0 release notes <zephyr:zephyr_2.4>` for a list of changes.

For the list of the most recent additions specific to |NCS|, see :ref:`ncs_release_notes_140`.

* Drivers and sensors:

  * Flash:

>     * Added support for nRF53 Series SoCs in the nRF QSPI NOR flash driver (nrf_qspi_nor).

Reviewer: This one has already been added - please remove.

  * File systems:

    * Enabled FCB to work with non-0xff erase value flash.
    * Added a :c:macro:`FS_MOUNT_FLAG_NO_FORMAT` flag to the FatFs options.

>       This flag removes formatting capabilities from FatFs and prevents unformatted devices to be formatted to FatFs on mount attempt.

Reviewer 2: The FatFs here refers FAT file system, where FAT means File Allocation Table this is not name of a library.

Reviewer 2: Maybe, instead of `FatFs`, use `FAT file system`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand where you refer to the library and where to the file system - please make a suggestion for the full entry.

Reviewer 2: `This flag removes formatting capabilities from the FAT/exFAT file system driver and prevents unformatted devices to be formatted, to FAT or exFAT, on mount attempt.`

This is FAT https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_Allocation_Table.
This is the library, FatFs, that supports it http://elm-chan.org/fsw/ff/00index_e.html.

The flags are generally for the FAT file system even though we use only one library for it, which is FatFs.
I see this way: we may use Groke named library, which would be supporting the FAT file system, but the user will still be formatting devices to FAT, or mounting FAT formatted devices; the user will not be trying to mount SD card formatted to Groke (that would be scary and would freeze the device anyway).

The devices available on the market, like SD cards, are usually formatted to FAT or exFAT.

Author: Subjesct of the first mention of `FatFS` is the library which implements FAT file system, the second mention mean the volume of FAT file system. 
Second mention should reflect that: `FAT file system' is more suitable there.

Reviewer: OK, sounds good, please change as suggested. :)

* Trusted Firmware-M:

  * Updated the Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) module to include support for the nRF5340 and nRF9160 platforms.

* Libraries/subsystems:

  * Settings:

    * Removed SETTINGS_USE_BASE64 support, which has been deprecated for more than two releases.

  * Storage:

    * :ref:`flash_map_api`: Added an API to get the value of an erased byte in the flash_area.
      See :c:func:`flash_area_erased_val`.
    * :ref:`stream_flash`: Eliminated the usage of the flash API internals.

  * File systems:

    * Enabled FCB to work with non-0xff erase value flash.
    * Added a :c:macro:`FS_MOUNT_FLAG_NO_FORMAT` flag to the FatFs options.

>       This flag removes formatting capabilities from FatFs and prevents unformatted devices to be formatted to FatFs on mount attempt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This flag removes formatting capabilities from the FAT/exFAT file system driver and prevents unformatted devices to be formatted, to FAT or exFAT, on mount attempt.
```
